hello it's Ruby and today I am doing
another study with me and this one is a
homework edition so the homework that I
typically do on a night after school so
what I'm first will starting off by
doing is writing an omnipotent essay for
philosophy and I also plan the study
session using my new study planner from
pumpkin productivity dork owk then Here
I am writing up some essay paragraphs
for ethics so I had to write two
paragraphs on two different moral
essence
[Music]
I'm using my tear Tronics lamp here I
love this lamp
it's just fantastic
then I got started on planning a
journeys and extension English essay so
here I am just writing up my plan and
it's a very brief plan that I decided to
write up
[Music]
and Here I am actually writing the essay
I'm kind of a perfectionist when it
comes to doing English essays as you can
see I correct myself multiple times and
so I end up spending much too long right
[Music]
lastly I decided to do some Spanish
vocab so I just typed all of my words
from this week into a Spanish Quizlet I
finished work at around 11:00 this
evening and I spent a total of four and
a half hours working thank you so much
for watching I hope that you enjoyed and
have a productive week